hey everyone Peter here today I'm going
to be showing you how to get the day at
your hearts and this is what the daedric
armor looks like in case everyone's or
someone's wondering now I am by the look
by the entrance of College of Winterhold
that's the little ghetto city of
Winterhold so what you do is you just
run up the stairs that would be someone
standing here dark shirt like yeah I
would like to enter it doesn't and
unlike what you do is you shoot over
here and I think what she asks you to
shoot over here depends on what you
answered shirt for example i said i'm
looking for power of fire and ice like
destructive powers or something then you
have to shoot a fireball but probably if
you saved us like I want to heal people
don't she'll probably ask you to do
something else so once you do that
doctor again she'll kind of walk around
like these things up shall take her gone
as soon as you lights that one up I
think you can just run up over here as
long as the doors are open and once you
get over here um you will talk to this
person over there the headmaster they
will be standing somewhere around here
and she like I'll show you around
you should like oh man and now we're
going to go over there that's where your
room is and that's where else you find
enter you got that sell today at your
hearts just when you enter the college
go to the left first door get in now the
college is also good good for stealing
there is a lot of stuff a lot
ingredients a lot of soul gems that you
can steal and not a lot of people will
notice you you can see and this is
modern so I'm not really stealing you
will get this room for free and so once
you enter just go straight around that
fountain thing go upstairs and go to
your left and you should go in this room
and you should find this guy now
sometimes you might not be in here one
time she was like over here and i think
one time like over there but who look a
kicked our butts to be careful so just
start your hand with the college's
laid-back attitude ooh can we see dress
now sometimes this might not appear as
an option that means that you have just
shaded with him and just shade with him
a little bit later so what you can do I
hope is you can dress t if you were
playing on computer just wait a little
bit and just take a look it will be able
to trade with him again now he solves a
lot of stuff he sells really good stuff
for majors as you can see but what we
need is ingredients today at your heart
now like now there are about 1,000 each
of 923 they barely way and they can also
be used for alchemy but they're really
expensive so just buy them he will
always have only two on him in stock and
word and he gets more and 38 hours which
is not the really long time Roberta
Tommy haps wait for the poorest
regenerate
mines which is one month and what you
can do is just do this two times to take
you like about the minute but this is
one way of getting to their of your
hearts the second way is let me actually
get outside is doing the zoo de Xiang
quest so that way this way it's pretty
easy but also pretty expensive you will
need a lot of money but it's worth for
the daedric armor I think so shiny
basura is just south it's right here
there is the entryway right by the
whistling money just go up mountain
around here and there should be a
driving right there so we just going to
teleport I'll give it a little bit of
time and you can also get this quest to
randomly by walking I got it when I was
going to the behaviour I was just
walking and discover just sitting down
I'm like okay what everything is like
I'm going to the shrine of Assyria like
okay I might go there one time too so
that's how you get the quest but I think
if you go here you should be able to get
it and I killed her you
don't kill her doesn't you won't be able
to get the quest so the first time you
come here you'll talk sure she'll like
oh yeah I have seen you coming and be
like a parrot or whatever so she'll
start you on the quest and during the
quest you will go into the fifth
dimension and get three get three cards
of diet your hearts here and there is
the dragon that I was still give them
it's a prostrating you also get a new
dragon breath if you haven't gotten it I
believe it's frost level two so just go
over there you can kill him pretty easy
but I'm Peter and this has been the
other Scrolls 5 tutorial on how to get
there two hearts easy thank you for
watching and I will see you next